# AnyCable RPC benchmarks

AnyCable RPC server benchmarks.

The benchmark is pretty simple:
- Create N concurrent _clients_ (authenticate and subscribe to `BenchmarkChannel` within the RPC app)
- Every client starts performing an action (`echo`) in a loop
- Every call is collected (request time)
- Wait for the specified amount of seconds and aggragate the results.

Measuring **requests per seconds**.

**NOTE:** this benchmark shows performance characteristics for both _clients_ and the server.
The purpose of this benchmark is to measure the thoughout of RPC connection between AnyCable services.

**NOTE 2:** "Noop RPC" is just a gRPC handling doing nothing except from responding with success result.

Sources:
- [Golang](https://github.com/anycable/anycable-go/blob/chore/benchmarking/cmd/rpc-bench/main.go) 
- [Erlang](https://github.com/anycable/simple-cable-app/tree/master/benchmarks)

## Erlang single connection

RPC type \ Number of clients    |  1   | 10   | 50
--------------------------------|------|------|----
AnyCable RPC                    |  100 |  110 | 130
Noop RPC                        |  100 |  115 | 125

Erlang client definitely has problems(

Looks like HTTP2 streaming is working in _blocking mode_.

Requires investigation.

## Erlycable connection pool (5-50)

RPC type \ Number of clients    |  1   | 10   | 50
--------------------------------|------|------|----
AnyCable RPC                    |  100 |  800 | 1700
Noop RPC                        |  100 |  900 | 2700

## Golang single connection

RPC type \ Number of clients    |  1   |  10  | 50
--------------------------------|------|------|----
AnyCable RPC                    | 1600 | 2200 | 2400
Noop RPC with connection object building\*      | 2200 | 3500 | 4000
Noop RPC                        | 3000 | 4600 | 5500

\* Only build Action Cable connection object without performing an action.

## Golang connection pool (5-50)

RPC type \ Number of clients    |  1   |  10  | 50
--------------------------------|------|------|----
AnyCable RPC                    | 1400 | 1500 | 1700
Noop RPC                        | 2100 | 3200 | 4000
